1	The single most important reason that people lose money in the financial markets is that they don't cut their losses short.	Victor Sperandeo	Edit	Delete
2	When you're trading at your biggest, you should be making money instantaneously.	Victor Sperandeo	Edit	Delete
3	When you're trading large, you need to have an especially short fuse in regard to cutting losses.	Victor Sperandeo	Edit	Delete
4	If you cannot look at charts on a long term view, you cannot look at them on a 10 or 15 minute view.	Kunal Desai	Edit	Delete
5	The foundation for day trading actually comes from swing trading.	Kunal Desai	Edit	Delete
6	Trade the ticker not the company.	Nathan Michaud	Edit	Delete
7	If you miss a good entry on a trade, don't sweat it and chase. Wait for it to set up again. There will always be other good trades.	Greenspud's Rules	Edit	Delete
8	Don't fight the trend.	Greenspud's Rules	Edit	Delete
9	Before entering a day trade, I like to look at the big picture idea and ask 'Is this stock strong, weak, or neutral?' That will help me set expectations for how much of a move I can anticipate in either direction.	Greenspud's Rules	Edit	Delete
10	A good trader recognizes that they are their own edge. They recognize things like how they respond to discomfort. Their ability to control their actions. They are able to remain more adaptable, flexible.	Andrew Menaker	Edit	Delete
11	If I try to teach you what I do, you will fail because you are not me. If you hang around me, you will observe what I do, and you may pick up some good habits. But there are a lot of things you will want to do differently. A good friend of mine, who sat next to me for several years, is now managing lots of money at another hedge fund and doing very well. But he is not the same as me. What he learned was not to become me. He became something else. He became him.	Colm O'Shea	Edit	Delete
12	Traders must find a methodology that fits their own beliefs and talents. A sound methodology that is very successful for one trader can be a poor fit and a losing strategy for another trader.	Jack Schwager	Edit	Delete
13	I'd rather miss the top and see a definable trend to reduce the risk of the trade.	BMan Alerts	Edit	Delete
14	My number one rule is: Don't try to make a profit on a bad trade, just try to find the best place to get out.	Linda Raschke	Edit	Delete
15	A pattern that works 50 percent of the time can be quite profitable if you employ it with a good risk control plan.	Al Weiss	Edit	Delete
16	Just because you can't recall a terrifying alien abduction in your past doesn't mean it didn't happen.	Unsealed: Alien Files	Edit	Delete
17	I go into each trading day fearing losses. This helps me wait for the good setups and avoid boredom trades.	Phil Goedeker	Edit	Delete
18	Sometimes great trades can occur daily or weekly. Other times you may have to wait a few months for them.	Phil Goedeker	Edit	Delete
19	When I put on a trade I usually like to be in the green immediately. If I place a trade and I'm immediately red it usually means my entry was not that great. There are times though when I'm building a position and I don't mind a trade going against me for a short while.	Phil Goedeker	Edit	Delete
20	The failures that you beat yourself up over are the ones where you experienced warning signs and can connect the dots backwards after the fact.	Caroline Ghosn, Cofounder & CEO Levo League	Edit	Delete
21	I could, of course, have bought these [losing] stocks and 'put them away'. This is a classic solution among people who call themselves conservative investors. But by now I regarded them as pure gamblers. How can they be non-gamblers when they stay with a stock even if it continues to drop? A non-gambler must get out when his stock falls. They stay in with the gambler's eternal hope of the turn of a lucky card.	Nicolas Darvas, How I Made $2,000,000 in the Stock Market	Edit	Delete
23	The biggest lesson I've learned the hard way is entrepreneurship is much easier when you're not doing it alone. Partners whose skills complement yours and whom you trust completely make the difference between big success and small, or between success and failure.	Shane Snow, Co-Founder, Contently	Edit	Delete
24	Everyone needs to lose at least once. Big! You need to be humbled by the markets. You need to realize the market is always right.	Nathan Michaud	Edit	Delete
25	Just because it's up doesn't mean it's a short.	Nathan Michaud	Edit	Delete
26	Our most problematic automatic thoughts often come out when we're fatigued and/or overwhelmed.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger	Edit	Delete
27	It [Paypal] was a group of really smart individuals. One of the things I took away from that experience was how if you give a really talented person a stretch opportunity, how far they could really take that. So few of us had what would be called preexisting experience. We were trying to do things we didn’t necessarily know how to do.	Jeremy Stoppelman, CEO of Yelp	Edit	Delete
28	Our worst trading occurs when we're managing our feelings rather than our positions.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger	Edit	Delete
29	If you are experiencing outside interference or struggling with some personal issues then just walk away and get your head straight. If you are are experiencing extreme anxiety when you enter a trade then reevaluate the size of your position and the setup that made you enter.	Tim Weintraut	Edit	Delete
30	When I first started day trading, I would find myself getting stressed out in certain trades. What I learned was that in some of those trades I did not have a clearly defined risk reward plan. There were times that I was basically flying blind. When I added the element of uncertainty by not having a defined plan I added to my own stress. The larger the position the more stress it caused. I know I harp on having a plan an awful lot on this blog but I am constantly asked by others what I think of XYZ stock and whether or not I think it will go up or if they should take their loss. I ask the same questions every single time. What was you entry? What was your target and where is your stop? 92% of the time they only have the target they think it can run too. The most important target is not where it can go up too, but where you plan to exit if it goes down. Define your risk!	Tim Weintraut - 1/22/15	Edit	Delete
31	Treat the setup as a hypothesis that you want to test. If the price action starts acting like you thought it would, then you can add in with more size because your hypothesis is being confirmed.	Greenspud's Rules	Edit	Delete
32	The greatest enemy of change is routine. When we lapse into routine and operate on autopilot, we are no longer fully and actively conscious of what we're doing and why. If you shift your trading environment, you push yourself to adapt to new situations: you break routines. If your environment is always the same, you will find yourself gravitating to the same thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
33	Whenever you catch yourself thinking about your P/L during trading - how much you're making or losing - call a brief time-out; take a few deep, rhythmical breaths and talk out what you're seeing in the markets at the time. Your goal is to be market-focused, not self-focused. By repeatedly pairing a calm, related state with an intense market focus, you can develop a positive habit pattern and ensure that the body keeps the mind in check.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
34	Confidence doesn't come from being right all the time; it comes from surviving the many occasions of being wrong.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
35	If you become caught up in what the market should be doing, you're more likely to fight it when it does something else.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
36	Traders often think they're managing a trade when they exit prematurely, when in fact they're managing their thoughts and feelings about that trade.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
37	A nine-to-five approach will work no better in trading than it would in running a business or building a career as an artist, scientist, or athlete. When you read about elite performers in any field, one fact stands out: they are not the clock punchers. They are absorbed in their interests and, as a result, learn far more than others. They develop new skills and competencies far more readily than their peers simply because they multiply experience.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
38	As the market trades following your entry, you accumulate fresh data about your idea: the action is either supporting or not supporting your reasons for being in the market. For instance, if your idea is predicated on falling interest rates and you see bonds break out of a price range, that would be supportive of your trade.... Trade management is a set of decisions you make based on the fresh information that accumulates during the trade.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, The Daily Trading Coach	Edit	Delete
39	What you need to be an analyst is attention to detail, a fundamental research mindset, the ability to do active due diligence, and the skill to do financial modeling. It's very quantitative. Being a portfolio manager is almost the direct opposite. It's all about nuance and extrapolation and interpolation. It's about reading between the lines, understanding the elements that aren't printed in the factual statements, what the management doesn't say when they make up a public statement, what they omitted when they were writing up their notes for the financial statements...The best in the business today are not necessarily the finest analysts, and many of them are not even the most quantitatively oriented.	Mark Yusko, Hedge Hunters	Edit	Delete
40	CPTs will be profitable 80 to 90 percent of their trading days. But that still leaves 10 to 20 percent of trading days when they will lose money. Some days you will get stopped out. They are inevitable. There is a very fine line between a good trade and missing a trade, especially when your trading time frame is as short as mine.	Mike Bellafiore, One Good Trade	Edit	Delete
41	Too often I see trading plans/methods that describe 'setups' that are devoid of market understanding: a shape on a chart, a reading on an indicator, a news development, a data release, etc. Missing from such an approach is a clear identification of what drives prices and how one's methodology will uniquely exploit such drivers.	Dr. Brett Steenbarger, TraderFeed Blog 4/8/15	Edit	Delete